Add PR template for new PR's (#287)
mlrun/ce: .github/pull_request_template.md

### 📝 Description
<!-- A short summary of what this PR does. -->
<!-- Include any relevant context or background information. -->

---

### 🛠️ Changes Made
<!-- - Key changes (e.g., added feature X, refactored Y, fixed Z) -->

---

### ✅ Checklist
- [ ] I have tested the changes in this PR

> - [ ] I confirmed whether my changes requires change in documentation and if so, I created another PR in MLRun for the relevant documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I confirmed whether my changes require a change in documentation and if so, I created another PR in MLRun for the relevant documentation.
```
Same below

- [ ] I confirmed whether my changes requires changes in QA tests, for example: credentials changes, resources naming change and if so, I updated the relevant Jira ticket for QA.

> - [ ] I increase the Chart version in `charts/mlrun-ce/Chart.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I increased the Chart version in `charts/mlrun-ce/Chart.yaml` (if applicable).
```

- [ ] I confirmed that the installation works both on a local Docker Desktop environment and on a real cluster when using the required [prerequisites](https://docs.mlrun.org/en/stable/install-mlrun-ce/kubernetes-install.html#prerequisites).

>   - [ ] If not, I updated the relevant Jira ticket with the installation issue and steps to reproduce it or update the prerequisites documentation if the issue is related to missing or outdated prerequisites.

Reviewer: The nested checkbox structure under the installation item is a bit confusing imo, consider flattening them into two separate items:

```suggestion
- [ ] I confirmed that the installation works both on a local Docker Desktop environment and on a real cluster when using the required [prerequisites](https://docs.mlrun.org/en/stable/install-mlrun-ce/kubernetes-install.html#prerequisites).
- [ ] If installation issues were found, I updated the relevant Jira ticket with the issue and steps to reproduce, or updated the prerequisites documentation if the issue is related to missing or outdated prerequisites.
```

- [ ] If needed, update https://github.com/mlrun/ce/blob/development/charts/mlrun-ce/README.md with the relevant installation instructions and version Matrix.
- [ ] If needed, update the following values files for multi namespace support:
  - [ ] [Admin values](https://github.com/mlrun/ce/blob/development/charts/mlrun-ce/admin_installation_values.yaml)
  - [ ] [User values Node Port](https://github.com/mlrun/ce/blob/development/charts/mlrun-ce/non_admin_installation_values.yaml)
  - [ ] [User values ClusterIP](https://github.com/mlrun/ce/blob/development/charts/mlrun-ce/non_admin_cluster_ip_installation_values.yaml)

---

### 🧪 Testing
<!-- - How it was tested (unit tests, manual, integration) -->  

> <!-- - Any special cases covered. -->  

Reviewer: Maybe add:
```
- [ ] Unit tests
- [ ] Manual testing (describe environment)
- [ ] Integration tests
```

Author: In CE, we don’t include these tests. The requirement should be more general and allow users to describe their testing approach in a flexible way.
